Doc updates for 3.1.3 (#3633)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/transactions/types/loanpay.md

| `temINVALID` | The `LoanID` field is missing or set to zero. |
| `temBAD_AMOUNT` | The `Amount` field must specify a positive value. |
| `tecNO_ENTRY` | The loan specified by `LoanID` doesn't exist. |

> | `tecNO_PERMISSION` | - The account submitting the transaction isn't the borrower on the loan.<br>- The loan doesn't permit overpayments. {% amendment-disclaimer name="fixCleanup_3_1_3" /%} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tecNO_PERMISSION` | The transaction lacks the required permissions. This can occur when:<ul><li>The account submitting the transaction isn't the borrower on the loan.</li><li>The loan doesn't permit overpayments. {% amendment-disclaimer name="fixCleanup_3_1_3" /%}</li></ul> |
```
